# Simulation
This direcotory contains all of the programs used to simulate the quadrotors, use machine learning to train controllers, and fly simulated quadrotors using the trained controllers

The base of this simulation is from https://utiasdsl.github.io/gym-pybullet-drones/ . Modifications still had to be made to the simulation.

The files in this directory are used to do a variety of testing and training tasks, check their comments for specific use cases. I want to highlighght
Crazyflie_PPO_Training.py and Crazyflie_PPO_LSTM_Training. These programs are used to train the MLP and MLP+LSTM controllers to fly the quadrotors.
Also, 'Control Validation.py' is used to generate the success rate plots to validate the controllers.

## Modifications
The modified files are all located in the **Modifications** directory. In this directory you will see three python files, these python files include
the parent class **BaseAviary** and its children **BaseRLAviary** and **HoverAviary**. They are modifications of the same classes included in the original
simulation, and when the simulation is downloaded using the instructions found at https://utiasdsl.github.io/gym-pybullet-drones/ you should find and 
modifiy the files to be the same as this repository.

There are also three .urdf files included. These are unified robot discription format files, and should replace trhe files of the same name in the
original simulation, the cf2xInvPen file is a new robot model which describes a crazyflie 2.x with an inverted pendulum, I experiemnted with this
and I was able to control this model as well.

## Trained Models
This directory includes all of the models I trained **All Models** , many of them are unsuccessful in controlling their quadrotor. The most important models
are the models I present in my thesis which are located in the directory **Thesis Models**. There are also policies, which are the 
controller networks saved without any information about the ernvironment, they are stored in the **Policies** directory.

## Results
The **Success Rates** directory contains the images and data generated by testing the success rates of the models. The **Tensorboard Training Data**
directory contains all of the tensorboard logs for the training of all of the models. The **Trajectories** directory has all of the sample trajectories
used in the thesis.
